Most significant risks in cloud computing are:
 SLA violations,proficiency to amply consider risk od a cloud provider,blame to defend perceptive data,
 virtualization_RELATED RISK,
 compliance risk and decrease in reliability.
 Risk of network infringement(violation) is also more critical for cloud organizations since they are 
 completely based on network.
3.There are other risk like natural catastrophes has to dealt with.
4.The vender instead of focusing on constructing the whole infrastructure can concentrate on building
 a more user friendly and feature application.If the vender is creating the whole infrastructure he 
 has to deal with the following things like infrastructure,storage,platform,application,services and client.
 
 Infrastructure: This the base of the service or the platform virtualization.These designed according to the user.
 
 Storage:In storage one can get a database or something similar and pay per gigabyte.
 
 Platform:It has solution stacks for eg: Ruby on rails,python django,etc.The organiztion need not to deal with with setting
 up of server or any uppgradation all these comes under service.
 
 
Following are the top five security anxieties in mind:
1.Secure data tranfer.
2.Secure programs interfaces.
3.Secure retained data.
4.User access to control.
5.Data seperation.


-----Cloud Computing Risks------------
#1 The solution may not meet its economic objectives.
#2 The solution may not work in the context of the client enterprise's association and culture.
#3 The solution may be tough to evolve due to adversity of incorporating the cloud services involved.
#4 A catastrophe may occur from which the solution will not recover.
#5 System value may be insufficient in order to meet the users's needs.
#6 There may be an existing need for sevice orientation.



----Risk Management-------------
1.It includes recognizing,considering and prioritizing risk of distinct kinds.
Examples of risks are  : natural disaster ,legal risks like deception,robbery and sexual harassement lawsuits.
Oraganizational practices,doubt in economic markets,flop in tasks,borrowing risks,or the security and storage of
dara and records.
2.Risk management is not just buying protection for the company.It also consider insurable and uninsurable risks and an
 altenative method.It also includes of reducing the cost of managing the risks by adapting the most suitable means.

               -----Risk management process------
   Step 1: Determination of the objective of the risk administration program
   Step 2: Identification of the risks.
   Step 3: Evaluation of the risks.
   Step 4: Consideration of alternatives and selection of treatment.
   Step 5: Implementation of the decision.
   Step 6: Evaluation and review.

-----Types of Risk Management-----
1.Misuse and illicit use of cloud computing.
2.Insecure interface and APIs.
3.Vicious Insider.
4.Issues related technology sharing.
5.Data loss or leakage.
6.Hijacking.
7.Unknown Risk Profile.


Cloud computing has flexibilty it also adss risk as it can make the malicious unauthorized person






































 